Somebody is set up now it's time to make sure we can interact with this database for that attached to
this lecture.
You can find this code.
Make sure to download it and run npm install.
And as you can see it's a really basic node express application you could say if you run NPM start we
again got a development server.
Could this process now as we don't need it for the moment.
And as we can see we want to send a POST request here to slash products or a GET request all of those
left products.
So in the end we want to make sure that if we send a POST request that a new product is stored in our
database or if we send a GET request that we get all the products stored in our database in the Hmong
would it be terminology.
This would mean we want to store a documents for each product would be a document in our collection
with post and get put mean.
Simply give me all the documents stored in a specific collection.
We'll dive deeper into that from this module.
Now the idea is that the Mongo D.B. logic or the logic related to the connection among Ruby is outsourced
to a separate file create this file soon and that we then simply refer to this file here as part of
our efforts as a separate argument.
Therefore let's get started with creating this file and we can simply named as Mongo J SMB and what
I want to do in this file or the logic I need in this file is actually quite straightforward.
First I want to create a constant here which could be called create product.
This would be the content related to our post request that we send to our server and this will be an
asynchronous task.
I can tell you this already because if you are working with databases your these tasks for example storing
new data or touching data can take a moment.
Therefore these are always asynchronous operations here.
So we'll add async and we have a request a response and next and we will have a second constant.
This will be our both maybe get products again an asynchronous task here then we're going to need this
logic in here in our app is fine.
As I said for the post and get request as an argument therefore we can already export our functions
with exports create product being equal to create product and with export stopped get products equal
to get products.
So now we'll be able to reference these functions from inside other files.
I'll come back to actually as soon though so let's focus on three mortgages final and if we now focus
onto our logic maybe 4 create product here then we need the code to create the product.
So the core logic.
But before we do so we need to establish a connection to mongo D.B. and to do that we first need to
install it.
Therefore let's run npm install dash dash save Mongo DB.
So we now installed Mongo TB.
And in case you're wondering how I knew this command.
If you go to the official docs now a link is attached to this lecture you can select the specific driver
you're using what would you be worth.
So you could all use it with Python for example or Java.
We are using no checks here so you can set no checks.
And if you go to installation you can see the command to install longer TB as this one right here.
Just to be precise at this stage just avoid confusion.
You don't install the database of course you only installed the driver so an ESTA K which allows you
to interact with the database.
The next thing we need is we need to use these so-called Mongo client de Mongo client will simply help
us to create a new Mongo client instance Indian.
So basically to make sure we can connect to a specific server.
This means we have to import it.
So we create not a constant named Mongo client which is equal to require Mongo.
And very important.
We refer to the Mongol client class right here.
What we need next though is we need to specify which Hmong would you be Serb.
We want to connect to and for that we have to go back to Mongolia be Atlas.
And here we are now in our class that we created.
We can select connect.
And here we have different methods to connect to our Mongol TB server.
In our case we want to connect through our application so we click here.
Our diversion version is notorious for its error and later this is fine.
And here we can see our connection string and we have to copy this string and now we can create a new
constant named u r l.
And here we now simply copy paste this connection string in the string.
You see you have three interesting fields still the first one is this manual.
That's the name of the user I just created.
Then we have to provide the password and then we have this test part right here.
But the password is quite straightforward I would say this is just the password to be created when we
created the new user.
This was this man user here.
Here I just paste the password I created previously and the last step in our connection string is this
part right here this test.
This is the default name for the so-called database so we have the database which contains the collection
which then contain the single documents in our case decimal places and we can give this in your name.
Maybe places test not the most creative name but I guess it's fine for our purposes with that.
We now added the Mongo client and have all your ls so theoretically we would be able to interact with
our database.
Now what's missing though of course is the logic to create the product.
Let's continue with this now.